.TH "PROOFD" "1" "2026-01-18" "0.1.0" "proofd Manual"
.SH NAME
proofd \- proofd — distributed proof verification CLI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B proofd
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
proofd — distributed proof verification CLI
.PP
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-d,\fP \-\-debug
Enable debug output
.TP
\fB\-q,\fP \-\-quiet
Suppress non-critical output
.TP
\fB\-c,\fP \-\-config_path PATH
Path to config file
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-color\fP
Disable colored output
.TP
\fB\-v,\fP \-\-version
Show the version and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBinit\fP
  Creating user config file
  See \fBproofd-init(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBinit\fP command.
.PP
\fBcreate\fP
  Create .verify file for document
  See \fBproofd-create(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcreate\fP command.
.PP
\fBverify\fP
  Verify document using AC-resolved...
  See \fBproofd-verify(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBverify\fP command.
.PP
\fBinspect\fP
  Inspect .verify file
  See \fBproofd-inspect(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBinspect\fP command.
.PP
\fBvalidate\fP
  Validate .verify structure
  See \fBproofd-validate(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBvalidate\fP command.
.PP
\fBhash\fP
  Calculate file hash
  See \fBproofd-hash(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBhash\fP command.
.PP
\fBverifier\fP
  Manage verifiers
  See \fBproofd-verifier(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBverifier\fP command.
.PP
\fBformat\fP
  Format operations
  See \fBproofd-format(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBformat\fP command.
.PP
\fBdoctor\fP
  Environment diagnostics
  See \fBproofd-doctor(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdoctor\fP command.
